Update README.md (#18)
vitejs/awesome-vite: README.md

- [V-Dashboard](https://github.com/sorxrob/v-dashboard) - Dashboard starter template built with Vue 3 and Tailwind CSS.
- [VueCrudX](https://github.com/ais-one/vue-crud-x) - Sample CRUD, ECharts & Leaflet example application using web components.
- [kirby-vue3-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-vue3-starterkit) - SPA starterkit with Vue 3 and Kirby.

> - [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue3, TypeScript and electron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript and Electron.
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestion. Corrected
